    图源：kerorokun
	Chinese Translation: kerorokun

    录入：kid
    Chinese Editor: kid

    English Translator: muggy8
    TL note: Sometimes, in chinese, sentences won't have subjects in them and the whole sentence consists of only actions and objects. The [brackets] are places where I have inserted subjects into the sentence to make it make sense in english.

    他──本城正幸（Honjyo Masayuki）是「勇者」。
    He──or rather, Honjyo Masayuki is a「Hero」.

    并非正幸自称勇者，只是他遇见的人们不知为何擅自如此称呼他。
    It's not that Masayuki is a self proclaimed hero but rather, the people he meets seems to dub him as such.

    来到这个莫名其妙的世界还未满一年，然而正幸的大名已响彻西方诸国，变成无人不知无人不晓的名人。
    It's been less than a year since Masayuki arrived in this world yet his name has since become well know throughout the western nations. He has thus became a well known celebrity.

    怎么会这样？
    How could this be?

    他打心底感到纳闷。
    He was felt puzzled from the bottom of his heart.

    事情怎么会变成这样？
    How did things end up like this?

    若要解释，得回溯到一年前。
    For the explanation, [we] must rewind to a year ago.

    ………………

    …………

    ……

    正幸放学回家时跟几名友人一起走在路上。
    Masayuki was walking home with some friends

    这时他撞见一名有著蓝色秀发的美丽女性，是连模特儿跟艺人都相形失色的北欧美女。
    When suddenly, he saw a beautiful blue haired super model like caucasian women

    那奇异的发色远看依旧十分醒目。正幸长这么大第一次看到那么漂亮的人，那般美人会引起众人注目自是理所当然。
    That strangely colored hair is very eye catching. This is the first time Masayuki saw someone this beautiful. It's only natural for someone like her to catch the attention of many people

    「喂，快看。她好漂亮──」
    「Hey, look, she's so pretty──」

    所以正幸也以男高中生会有的直率反应，朝走在身旁的友人开口。
    Speaking like a high schooler he is, Masayuki made his statement to his friends

    可是──毫无反应。
    But──there's no response

    正幸在心里「咦」了一声，转头看去──眼前是一片陌生的街道。
    Masayuki thought "hun" and turned to face his friends only to find an unfamiliar street

    「──啊？」
    「──Wha？」

    他不禁脑袋一片空白，愣在原地。
    （老、老师──！我不懂这是什么状况！）
    His head was completely blank and he froze in place. (s-sensei──！I don't know what's happening!)

    平常他不把班导当一回事，这时却在心里提出疑问，但问题当然没有解决……正幸当下不知该何去何从。
    Normally, he doesn't care much for the teacher. Yet this time, his question is sincere. But there's no answer... Masayuki has no idea where to even go.

    正幸坐在镇上的广场喷水池畔发呆。
    Masayuki sat on the water fountain in the town square unsure of what to do.

    随著时间一分一秒过去，他稍微冷静下来。毕竟继续这样下去也不是办法，他决定认真思考，想想事情怎么会变成这样。
    As time slowly ticks on, Masayuki began to calm down. After all, continuing like this isn't going to solve the problem. He decided to really give it some thought and figure out how things ended up like this.

    仔细想想，那个美女很可疑。
    Thinking over it carefully, that beauty is quite suspicious

    长得那么美，却没人注意到她。虽然没有什么依据，但是正幸的直觉如此告诉他。
    She's pretty much unnoticed despite how pretty she is. Though there's no basis for this, yet that's what Masayuki's gut told him

    可是，那个美女不在这里。
    But that beauty isn't actually here
    {the term "美女" is used a lot and directly translates to "beautiful/pretty" + "girl/women". I have decided to just use the word "beauty" instead since this is a foreshadowing for Velgrynd}

    转头张望也看不到她的踪影，到处都找不著。
    No matter where Masayuki looked, [he] couldn't spot her again. In fact, [she's] nowhere to be found

    （像这种时候，身为始作俑者的美女应该也要一起来才对啊。话说回来，咦？真的假的？这不是整人游戏，真的是跑到异世界了那类型的？）
    (In times like this, isn't the beauty who initiated this whole thing supposed to come with right? speaking of, err? This isn't some kind of a prank? have [I] really been transported to an isekai?)

    然后身旁还会刚好有个知情人士这种好事。
    And there's some kind of a knowledgeable person near by or something like that

    可惜正幸似乎没这么走运。
    But Masayuki wasn't this lucky

    太阳就快下山了。
    The sun's about to set

    中午在学校餐厅吃过饭后，他什么都没吃。想也知道肚子很饿。
    Masayuki has yet to eat anything and his last meal was at lunch. It doesn't take a genius to figure out that [he's] hungry

    等一下啊──正幸认真地思考著。
    Wait a minute──Masayuki seriously thought

    这里是一座城镇。不是出现在森林或是魔物面前算他运气好，但事情的发展还是太强人所难了。
    This is a town. Not spawning in the middle of the forest or in front of some monsters is [a feat of] luck already, but things are still too difficult.

    （通常这种时候都会有个国王之类的人在等我，对我说明来龙去脉，或是帮忙张罗一下吧？）
    (normally, shouldn't there be a king of some sort waiting for me and then show me around or just help me a bit right?)

    他想到这些像是朋友们热烈讨论的网路小说会有的发展，并在心里抱怨。
    Thinking about the events of web novels that his friends would talk about, Masayuki complains in thoughts.

    但现实是残酷的。
    But the reality is cruel.

    在这唉声叹气也不是办法，所以正幸再次审视现在的自己。
    sitting here sighing isn't a solution, so Masayuki reevaluated his current state

    他叫本城正幸（Honjyo Masayuki）。
    His name is Honjyo Masayuki

    目前十六岁。
    currently age 16

    今年刚上高中。是成绩名列前茅的升学学校。
    (He) just started highschool this year in a highly ranked school

    虽然是题外话，正幸上高中后想改变形象。除了稍微改造了制服之外，还试著将头发染成金色。
    Although this is unrelated to the current topic, Masayuki has plans to make changes to his appearance after highschool. In addition to taloring his uniform, he also made some dyed his hair.

    他的外貌俊美。似乎混到俄罗斯血统，母亲也是名美人。他本人猜八成是受其影响。
    His appearance is quite pretty.  It seems to be because he has some Russian heritage, and his mother is also a beauty.  He guessed that's the reason.

    虽然也没什么大不了的，但染成金发让他格外醒目。在学校受欢迎的程度可说是数一数二，尽管并非特别有实力，大家却对他另眼看待。
	Although it's not a big deal, dyed his hair into blonde makes him particularly eye-catching, making him one of the more popular kids at school. Although he's not that strong, people seem to respect him

    此外，正幸还有不为人知的兴趣──就是爱看漫画跟动画。
	additionally, he's got a secret hobby── and that is, enjoys watching anime and reading manga.

    在学校完全没露出马脚，但他其实是个重度隐性宅男。
	He doesn't show this at school but he's actually a closet otaku.

    所以现在就算面临这种莫名奇妙的窘境，他也不慌不忙……
	That's why when he encounters this strange situation right now, he doesn't seem to be particularly startled.

    正幸专心想著这些，一面确认制服口袋跟书包里的内容物。
	As Masayuki was confirming this, he's also confirming the inventory he's currently carrying within his bag and pockets

    口袋里有一个钱包。
	There's a wallet in his pocket

    里头有最重要的谕吉大师一位（万圆钞一张），野口先生三位（千圆钞三张），还有一些零钱。
	Within the wallet, there's a ten thousand Yen bill and three one thousand Yen bills along with some spare change.

    至于课本──都放在学校的桌子跟柜子里。所以说起书包里的内容物，只有他刚买的一本周刊、智慧型手机和口香糖。也就是说，他为了通勤时来去自如而把书包清空，此时反倒误事。
	Regarding the books──all of those are left in the desk at school. That's why the bag only contains a magazine he recently bought, a smartphone and a chewing gum. In other words, he emptied his bag to have an easier time on his commute only to have it backfire.

    （是说，早知道事情会变成这样，我应该多准备一下……）
	(Sigh, if I had knew that things would become like this, I would have prepared more...)

    将手边物品都清点完后，正幸在内心如此哀叹。
	After making an inventory of his items on hand, he laments [his situation.]

    房间一角备有防灾避难包，所有的必需品都放在里头。若是现在有避难包在身边，至少能撑个三天吧。
	In the Corner of the room there's a disaster prevention kit with all the essentials inside. If there is a bag like that around now, he could have survive for at least 3 days.

    起码来把瑞士刀，或许还能让他安心一点。虽然也不知道光靠一把刀能干嘛。
	At least if there's a Swiss knife, perhaps it'd give him some peace of mind. Although what good the knife would bring is questionable at best.

    总而言之，他手边没有派得上用场的东西。
	All in all, there's nothing he has on hand that's useful

    硬要说的话，大概就只有口香糖吧。
    if anything, maybe the gum [is useful]

    他拿起口香糖放入口中。
    He picked up the gum and put a piece into his mouth.

    至少能缓解饥饿感。
    At least it can help stave off the hunger

    这下派得上用场的东西就没了。这事实令人悲哀。
    And now, the only useful item is no more. Such is the sad reality

    虽然正幸茫然地度过了好几个小时，但他发现到一件事。那就是他完全听不懂路人在讲什么。这表示异世界的语言跟原生世界不一样，要讨东西吃又是件艰难任务。
    Although Masayuki was able to get by for a couple hours, one thing became very apparent. he can't understand anything the people around are saying. this means that the language of this isekai is nothing like his original world. At this rate, even begging for food would be a challenge.

    （这游戏难度也太高了吧……不过这样下去也不是办法。最惨的状况就是拿书包跟手机去跟人交涉，看能不能换到食物──）
    (Isn't this difficulty way too high... but continuing like this isn't getting me anywhere. worst case scenario, I can use my phone and bag as bargaining chips to maybe exchange for some food.)

    下定决心后，正幸从喷水池前方站起。
    After making up his mind, Masayuki stood up from the fountain.

    在这个异世界里，这个国家的法律跟治安状况尚不明朗，然而去找公家机关寻求庇护应该是最妥善的办法，以上是正幸得出的结论。
    In this isekai, the laws and customs of this country is unclear [to masayuki]. However, the best course of action is to find a public institution to seek asylum. That is the conclusion that Masayuki came to.

    在那之前，首先要想办法求生──也就是说目标在于设法弄到食物。
    Before that, [Masayuki] must first find a way to survive──that is, to try to get food.

    不能跟人沟通真是糟透了。
	Not being able to communicate is awful.

    而且这样下去，他势必会饿死。
	And if it continues like this, he might even starve to death

    水还能想办法弄到，食物就没这么好张罗吧。虽然不怎么愿意，但他还是能去找找何处有剩饭可捞。
	Water might be obtainable but food is totally out of the question. Although he's not very willing, he can still try and find to find some place where he might be able to obtain some leftovers.

    这种时候就该找有食材大量进出的地方，例如餐厅或蔬果店，总之正幸决定去找这类会与食物沾上边的店。
	In times like this, the right thing to do is finding places where there are a lot of ingredients flowing in and out, such as restaurants or fruit and vegetable shops. Anyways Masayuki decided to go find these kinds of stores that are related to food.

    尊严已在这几小时内舍弃。
	Dignity has been abandoned within these hours.

    正幸是能屈能伸的男人。
	Masayuki is an independent man.

    步行数分后。
	After walking for a couple minutes

    正幸顺利来到镇上的餐厅前。
	Masayuki successfully arrived at the restaurant in town.

    来这里不为别的，只因他受到美食香气的引诱。
	There's no other reason for him to come here other than the allure of the aroma of food.

    （接下来要先跟对方交涉。让我打工……应该不行吧。因为我不懂他们的语言……）
	（Next I need to negotiate with them. Let me work here……That's not possible. I cant speak the language here……）

    语言的隔阂太高了。
	The language barrier is too high.

    正幸常看以异世界为题材的作品，不晓得为什么，那些主角往往都能跟异世界人沟通。如今回想起来，光这样就算非常走运了。
	Masayuki often enjoys consuming isekai fiction. For some reason, the protagonists always seem to be able to communicate with the isekai people. Looking back on it now, just that could be considered fairly lucky already.

    （我不指望能强到像开外挂，但至少在语言上给点优惠吧──）    （I don't expect to be strong like "开外挂", But at least cut me some slack in the language department──）
	{I dont think "开外挂" is a term it's probably a reference to another ficitional character...}


    就算他如此抱怨，也没人会回答他。
	Even if he complains like that, no one will answer him.

    死心的正幸准备打开店门。
	Masayuki made up his mind as he readied himself to open the door.

    这时门被人从内侧用力推开，一阵嘈杂声从店内传出。
	Suddenly, the door was pushed open from the inside, and a loud noise came out of the store.

    「！」
	「！」

    他吓到后退一步，有股柔软的触感窜至胸前。来人是名娇小可爱的女性，可是表情有些胆怯。
	He was startled and took a step back. There's something soft feeling touching his chest. The person coming out is a petite and lovely woman, but her expression is a bit timid.

    （咦？我该不会遇上麻烦事了……？）
	（Eh? did I run into some trouble……?）

    不会吧。正幸虽这么想，他的预感却不幸成真。
	Impossible. Masayuki thought, but his unfortunate predication came true

    「○×△……！」
    「○×△……！」

    趴在胸前的女子说了一串话，不晓得是什么意思。
	The woman in front of his chest said a bunch of words, and none of them were understandable.

    然而正幸明明听不懂却露出暧昧的笑容，只知道点头。
	However, despite Masayuki's complete failure to understand anything, he was smiling and nodding.

    看正幸露出这样的表情，女子马上恢复冷静。接著双颊莫名泛红，陶醉地望著正幸。
	Upon seeing Masayuki's expression, the girl immediately calmed down. Her cheeks were blushing bright red as she looked at Masayuki drunkenly.

    若事情到这结束就好了，当然，天底下没那么好的事。
	If things ended like this then that'd be nice, however, there's no such good things under the sun.

    有个凶神恶煞的彪形大汉追出来，目标是跟正幸求救的女子。
	There is a fierce and savage looking man who chased his way out. His target is the woman who is asking Masayuki for help.

    （啊，我搞不好会死……）
	(Ug, I might actually die here...)

    正幸会直觉性地这么想也情有可原。
	Masayuki's intuitively thinking like this is completely understandable.

    他的身高好歹超过一百七十公分，那个壮汉却比他高一颗头。满脸通红，像是喝醉酒，腰间还配著长剑。
	Masayuki's body height is more than 170cm but this guy is a head taller than him. His face is flush red as if he's drunk and is carrying a sword around his waist

    在一般条件下跟对方打架就没胜算了，更何况他还带著武器。就算没出差错，被对方杀掉的可能性还是很高。
	Under normal conditions, there is no winning chance in fight with this one, yet he's also carrying weapons. Even if there is no misunderstanding, the possibility of being killed by this guy is still very high.

    正幸原本想逃跑，那名女子却巴著他的胸口不放。
	Masayuki had wanted to run away, but the woman clung onto his chest tightly.

    （完了。看来这下完蛋了……）
	（It's over. Looks like I'm a goner now……）

    他带著笑容僵住。
	He is paralyzed with a smile on his face

    双脚不停发抖，光是没因恐惧失禁，正幸就想夸奖自己了。
	His feet are shaking. Masayuki wanted to complement himself for not going insane because of fear.

    然而就在这个时候，有道不可思议的声音在他耳中响起。
	However, at this time, an unbelievable voice rang in his ears.

    《已确认做出具英雄风范的「英勇行为」。独有技「英雄霸道（天选之人）」解禁。要发动吗？　　YES／NO》
	《A heroic act of「Heroism」has been confirmed. Unique Skill「Chosen One」acquired. Should [it] be unlocked? YES／NO》

    咦，好啊？──正幸带著满脑子疑问应允。这成了他的命运转捩点。
	Eh, Ok?──Masayuki answered with a head full of questions but this became a turning point in his fate.

    《确认完毕。受「英雄霸道（天选之人）」的效果影响，学习语言……成功。此外，「英雄霸气」与「英雄补正」已随时发动。》
	《Confirmed. Under the effects of「Chosen One」, language acquisition……complete. Additionally,「Hero's Haki」and「Heroic Correction」can be activated at any time。》

    一些陌生字眼在正幸脑内陆续响起。
	Some strange words are echoing in Masayuki's brain.

    （──什么？到底发生什么事了……）
	（──What? What exactly happened……）

    正幸整个人状况外、一头雾水，但现在似乎没那个闲工夫。
	Aside from Masayuki's personal condition, his head is full of sweat. but he doesn't have any time to worry about that.

    「喂喂喂，小哥你搞什么鬼。该不会是想妨碍本大爷吧？」
	「Oi oi oi，the hell are you doing kid. You're not trying to get in the way of me are you?」

    他突然可以听懂壮汉说的话。那是刚才觉醒的独有技「英雄霸道（天选之人）」的效果，然而正幸此时并没有为此欢庆的余力。
	He suddenly able to understand what the large man is saying. That is the effect of the Unique Skill「Chosen One」that just awakened recently. However, Masayuki doesn't have the luxury to celebrate that.

    该如何度过这场难关才是重点。稍微走错一步，他的人生可能就会当场划下休止符。
	What's most important is how to deal with the current difficult satiation. One wrong move and his life might just end right there.

    不，小的完全没那个打算──正幸打算当场下跪求饶。可是还来不及实行，抓住正幸的女子就出声了。
	No, Little ol me doesn't plan on that──Masayuki planed to kneel down and apologize. But before he could do something the women holding on to Masayuki made her plea

    「没错！这个人说他会救我！」
	「That's right! this person here said he'd save me」

    「──哦？」
	「──uhh?」

    壮汉的太阳穴爆出青筋。可以看到他肌肉膨胀，全身充满力量。
	The veins on the temples of the strong seem to be bursting. His muscles are visibly inflated and his body strength increasing.

    （啊，这下用不著他使剑。被扁就完蛋了……）
	(Oh, he doesn't even need to use his sword, Just getting smacked would do me in……)

    因为怕得要死反倒能冷静判断。话虽如此，正幸并没有想到能突破难关的好法子……
    Because of paralyzing fear, Masayuki was able to think calmly. Despite that, Masayuki still can't think of a way to get out of this

    「有趣。那你就打倒本大爷，保护那个女人让我看看吧！」
    「Interesting, I wanna see you try to take me down and protect that girl.」

    壮汉粗声大吼。
    Yelled the muscly man

    有人开始起哄，是不知不觉间围在四周的行人与店里的客人。
    People started gathering. It's the people in the restaurant and the people around.

    「喂喂喂，那小子竟然跟『狂狼』迅雷对干！」
    「oh ho ho, this kid seems to be challenging『Crazed』Jinrai.」

    「是不是该去阻止他们？他可能会被宰掉喔。」
    「Should we stop them? The kid looks like he might get killed.」

    「哎呀，原来是这样。中意的姑娘不给他面子，所以他更火是吗？这下可没人阻止得了了……」
    「so that's how it is. The waitress  isn't paying him any respect increasing his anger right? welp, there's nothing anyone can do now……」

    「欸，现在哪有闲工夫聊天。是冒险者在镇上杀掉老百姓，会酿成大问题的。快派人通知公会！」
    「Sigh, now's not the time for chit chat. If an adventurer ends up killing a civilian in town, it's gonna be a problem. quick, someone contact the association 」

    「已经去啦。而且既然你这么说，那你去阻止啊。」
    「that's been done already. Since you're talking this way, you wanna stop them?」

    「说什么蠢话！迅雷虽然只名列C＋，但他的实力超越B级啊！只是因素行不良考试才被人扣分，论实力可是一等一的强。我打不过啦──！」
	「What stupidity are you spouting? Jinrai might be ranked C+ on paper but his strength can surpass even B rank! The only reason why this is the case is cuz he can't pass the test; but his strength is absolute. That's not someone I can fight against」

    在聊这些的人大概跟壮汉迅雷同行吧。
	The people who are chatting about this must work in the same field as Jinrai.

    听到他们聊天的内容，正幸心里同时燃起希望与绝望。
	Hearing the conversation of these people, Masayuki's heart became filled with hope and also despair.

    他们好像派人去通知什么公会了，只要争取时间应该能等到救兵。不过不知道救兵赶来要花多少时间，周遭那些人似乎也不愿出手相救。必须自己想办法，但那对正幸而言等同宣判死刑。
	They seem to have sent people to inform the some association. Just stalling for time might allow the rescue to arrive. However, without knowing when the rescue will arrive, and with the surrounding people not willing to help, Masayuki is left to fend for himself. This is like a death sentence to masayuki.

    「卡夏那家伙也真是的，竟然把毫不相干的小伙子拖下水……」
	「That Natsu guy is really something, dragging a random kid into trouble like that……」

    在周围旁观的某人喃喃自语道。
	The watchers around are whispering among themselves.

    （就是说啊！为什么找我？）
	（That's right! Why me?）

    正幸虽然这么想，但他还记得是自己听不懂却朝对方点头。所以以结果来说，会变成这样也是自作自受。
	Despite Masayuki thinking this, But he does remember the fact that he nodded to the girl despite not understanding anything she's saying. That's why just by looking at cause and effect, this is something he brought onto himself.

    「你做好觉悟了吧？」
	「You ready to die?」

    怎么可能。
	Impossiable.

    是没半点觉悟，但对方似乎也等不下去。
	[Masayuki's] not ready to die, but the burly man is running out of patience.

    所以正幸都想好了，至少在最后一刻表现得帅气点。
	That's why masayuki decided that in his final moments, he's gotta look cool.

    他上高中虽说改变造型，但并非去当小混混。只是稍微染个头发罢了，连怎么打架都不知道。
	Despite him changing his appearance during highschool, he had no intentions of becoming a delinquent. [He] only dyed his hair but doesn't even know how to fight.

    剑道虽有学些皮毛，但对目前手无寸铁的正幸来说完全没有帮助。
	Although he learned some Kendo, but for the currently unarmed Masayuki, that's completely worthless.

    尽管如此，唯独耍嘴皮是他的强项。
	Despite this, word play is his strong ponit.

    「愈弱的狗愈爱叫。你才是，做好心理准备了？竟敢找我麻烦？」
	「The weaker the dog the louder they bark, just like you. Are you ready? [You] have bothered me」

    反正他已经看开了，被人打一拳保证上西天，所以正幸毫不犹豫地虚张声势。若能因此争取时间再好不过，争取不了的话，走运点顶多被打成重伤。运气不好就死翘翘。
	Masayuki has already widened his view. Getting smacked would ensure his death. That's why Masayuki didn't hesitate in making these bluffs. If he can use these tactics to stall for time then that's the best case scenario. If he can't then, if he's lucky, he'll only be gravely injured, if not, he'll surely die.

    从刚才开始他好像就怕到麻痹了，脚也不抖了。
	Starting from just a while back, He seem to be completely paralyzed by fear and his legs are no longer shaking.

	「……胆子挺大的嘛。好，那我就不客气了。」
	「……Quite the brave one here. Alright, then I wont be holding back.」

    迅雷带著凶猛的笑容瞪视正幸。
	Jinrai staired at Masayuki with devious smile.

    被他用如此凶残的眼神狠瞪，正幸立刻后悔莫及。
	Masayuki immediately began regretting his decision upon seeing the bloodthirsty look Jinrai's face.

    （还是趁现在逃走吧──对喔，背后还有一个叫卡夏的女生……）
	（It's better run away now──Oh right there's a girl named Natsu behind me……）

    「可以麻烦你暂时离开一下吗？」
	「Can I ask you to temporarily stand back a bit?」

    「是！那个人老是用色色的眼神看我。这位大哥，你要好好教训他！」
	「Right! That guy is always lookin at me perverted. Mister, You better teach him a good lesson!」

    正幸打算逃跑才叫卡夏离远点。
	Masayuki's original plan was to make an escape, that's why he told Natsu to stand back.

    卡夏大概以为这样会妨碍正幸战斗吧。她乖乖放开正幸，退到围观的人群里。
	But Natsu seem to think that her continuing would be a hinderance to Masayuki's fight. She obediently let go of Masayuki and retreated into the crowd.

	（……啊，不管怎么做，都被人群给围住了。这下完了──）
	（……Ugh, No matter what I do, I'm surrounded by people. I'm definately done for──）

    刚才真是做了错误的决定，正幸这么想。迅雷之所以没出手是因为有卡夏在。正幸怕她挡路不方便逃走才赶人，然而这么做反倒害他死得更快。
	That was definitely the wrong decision, thought Masayuki. Jinrai didn't attack was because Natsu was around. Masayuki thought she'd get in the way of his escape so he told her to back up, but doing this seem to have accelerated his death.

    「嘿嘿！」
    「Hehe!」

    迅雷脸上的笑意加深。
	Jinrai's smile deepend.

    事到如今，得使出最后手段。
	Things have ended up like this, [Masayuki] must use [his] last resort.

    只好用他咬的口香糖当障眼法，再趁机逃跑。
	He an only use the chewing gum in his mouth to blind [Jinrai], then take the opportunity to escape..

    《已确认发动具英雄风范的「迎敌勇气」。独有技「英雄霸道（天选之人）」之效能「英雄魅力」与「英雄行动」解禁。自此，个体名「本城正幸」的独有技「英雄霸道（天选之人）」成功全面解放。》
	《Initiation of heroic「Bravery Aura」has been confirmed. The abilities「Hero's Regalia」and「Heroic Action」of Unique Skill「Chosen One」has been unleashed. As such, the Unique Skill「Chosen One」of indiviual「Masayuki」has been fully unleasehd.》

    不，我刚才想逃走耶──正幸的心声被漠视。
	No, I wanted to escape──But masayuki's wishes were not met to be.

    话说从刚才开始就一直听到的这个声音是什么啊？
	Speaking of, what IS that voice that [Masayuki] has be hearing for a while now.

    正幸有点疑惑，但就算听到「全面解放」也不知道是什么意思，所以他放弃深究。独有技听起来好像很强，但如此轻松获得的技能应该没什么大不了的，所以他也没兴趣。
	Masayuki is a bit puzzled, even if he herd about some「Fully Unleased」, he still doesn't know what exactly it means which is why he gave up on it. Unique Skill seems pretty strong but if it's something that's obtained so easily, it's probably not a big deal. that's he's not that intrested in it.

    说真的，现在没空管那个。
	Seriously thought, there's this no time to worry about that.

    正幸根本不打算对付迅雷。而且他的计策很卑鄙，想吐口香糖吓唬对方，真不晓得对方怎么会把这解释成英雄行径。
	Masayuki is not trying to fight with Jinrai. In fact, his plan is quite despicable, he wants to spit his gum at Jinrai to scare him and had no idea how this is going to got interpreted as a heroic action.

    然而这些都成了过往云烟，事情有了新的进展。
	However all this became irrelevant as things made newer developments.

    「──唔，好、好强大的压迫感……你是何方神圣……！」
	「──Woah，su-such oppressive feeling……who are you really……！」

    刚才还信心十足的迅雷开始在正幸面前冷汗直流。
	The Jinrai who was full of himself just a while back is now covered in cold sweat.

    正幸下意识嚼起口香糖。
	Masayuki continued to chew on his gum.

    他想藉这个行为让自己冷静下来，却对迅雷造成更大的威胁。
	He wants to use this action to calm himself down but this made Jinrai feel more threatened.

    「唔，竟敢使用奇怪的术法！你是什么人都无所谓──！看我宰了你──！」
	「Oh, how daring of you to use a strange technique! It doesn't matter who you are──! Just watch as I slaughter you──!」

    迅雷吼完就激动地攻击正幸。
	After Jinrai shouted, he immediately attacked Masayuki.

    至于正幸，他完全处在状况外。
	As for Masayuki, he's completely caught off guard.

    「？」
    「?」

    搞不清楚状况的他呆站在原地。
	Unsure of the situation, he numbly stood there.

    迅雷向前一步，打算海扁正幸。
	Jinrai took a step forwards planning on flattening Masayuki.

    正幸则呆呆地瞥了迅雷一眼，这时那巨大的拳头已逼至眼前。
	However, Masayuki only numbly glared at Jinrai as the giant fits quickly approached Masayuki's head.

    （糟糕，完蛋了──！）
	（Shit, it's over──！）

    他闭上眼并低下头，试图回避拳头。心想「反正也来不及了」，想尽量减轻疼痛。
	He closed his eyes and lowered his head thinking「Ah whatever there's no time anymore」and wanting to lessen the inevitable pain.

    然而正幸想像的最坏情况并未发生。
	Yet the worstcase scenario that Masayuki invisioned did not happen.

    痛楚弥漫开来，但仅限额头的一小部分。
	The pain was felt but it was limited only to a small patch on [his] forehead.

    他诧异又惶恐地睁眼。眼前是不知道为什么已经翻白眼仰躺在地的迅雷。
	He opened his eyes with surprise and fear. Before [his] eyes, for some reason, laid a Jinrai with eyes turned backwards.

    「咦？」
    「eh？」

    正幸完全不知道发生了什么事，口里发出困惑的轻喃。
	Masayuki had absolutely no idea what happened and ghasped confusingly.

    不料四周响起盛大的欢呼声，将他的声音盖过。接著──
	Energetic cheers erupted all around overpowering his voice unexpectedly. Then──

    「好、好强！那个人连手都没动就打倒狂狼迅雷了！」
	「Ah so strong! That guy didn't even move his arm and defeated Crazed Jinrai!」

    「真是不敢相信。你有看到他刚才的动作吗？」
    「It's unbelievable. Did you see his movements just now?」

    「有……他在千钧一发之际避开拳头，钻进迅雷怀里给了他一个头锤。是高手啊。」
	「Ya……He avoided the punch by a hair's width, then returned a punch to Jinrai's stomach. Definitely a skilled warrior.」

    「那个小鬼到底是什么人──？」
	「Just who the hell is this guy──？」

    那些看热闹的家伙开始此起彼落地说著。
	The guys who are here to watch the commotion started talking among themselves.

    其实这是正幸获得的独有技「英雄霸道（天选之人）」发动所导致的。
	In reality, This is result of the activation of Unique Skill「Chosen One」that Masayuki received.

    英雄霸气：矮人王盖札也拥有的技能，只有英雄才能释放的霸气。比自己弱的对手光是沐浴在这股霸气之下便会被那股气势给镇压住，动弹不得，还会对技能持有者言听计从，是种特殊的气场。
	Hero's Haki: Dwarf king Gazel also has this ability, it's a Haki that only heros can unleash. Opponents who are weaker than it's bearer will be completely suppressed if they are basked in it.

    英雄补正：会变得超级幸运，连一般攻击都会变成致命的一击。这些效果在队友身上也会发挥作用。此外，旁观者会擅自将技能拥有者（天选之人）的言行举止做正面解释，发挥惊人效果。
	Heroic Correction: [The user] becomes extremely lucky, even a normal attack will become fatal attacks. This effect can also manifest in party members. In addition, onlookers will arbitrarily explain the words and deeds of the skill owner of「Chosen One」as Heroic to surprising effect.

    英雄魅力：看英雄大显身手的人会受到鼓舞。恐惧感变淡并萌生勇气。最后会对英雄产生信心，希望与他一同奋斗。还有另一个效果是败给英雄的人会归降成为他的同伴。条件是对方还活著。这个效果对具有个人意志的魔物也适用。
	Hero's Regalia: Onlookers who whiteness the action of the hero will feel inspired resulting in feelings of fear being reduced and bravery increased. Finally they will begin trusting the hero and wishing to join their party. Another effect is anyone who has been defeated by the hero will be willing become their companion under the condition that they remain alive. This effect is also effective against self aware monsters.

    英雄行动：该行动是成为英雄的第一步。会成为同伴效法的典范，最终获得众人赞扬。并且，不仅如此……
	Heroic Action: Actions taken will become the first step of becoming a hero. [The user] will become a role model for their peers and will eventually earn the parse of everyone around. Not only that……

    ──以上就是独有技「英雄霸道（天选之人）」的能力。
    ──The above are the abilities of「Chosen One」.

    其实这项技能在数种独有技里实属罕见。
	In fact, even among Unique Skills, this one is rather rare.

    与以前勇者使用的「绝对切断」和「无限牢狱」并驾齐驱，虽是独有技却直逼究极技能，具有极其优越的性能。
	It's comparable to「Absolute Severance」and「Infinite Imprisonment」peviousely used by another hero. Although it's a Unique Skill, it's more like an Ultimate Skill with extremely powerful abilities.

    迅雷在镇上算实力了得，却不是正幸那身技能的对手。
	Jinrai is considered to be among the strong in town but is still no match for the skill.

    只可惜正幸对此事一无所知。顺利让如此骇人的能力完全解放，正幸却毫无自觉。
	unfortunate, Masayuki isn't aware of this at all. After successfully fully unleashed the ability's deviating power, Masayuki still has absolutely no awareness of it.

    但这不是什么大问题。
    But this isn't a big problem.

    毕竟「英雄霸道（天选之人）」是被动技能。
    Due to the fact that [Chosen One] is a passive skill.

    由正幸想变成英雄的愿望衍生而出的「英雄霸道（天选之人）」，已经止不住了。
    [Chosen One] which was derived from Masayuki's desire to become a hero, cannot be stopped now.

    无关他的个人意愿，以凶猛之势将正幸推上英雄宝座……
    Ignoring his personal preferences, pushing Masayuki up the hero's throne with fierce force.
    「原来他是金发勇者……」
	「It turnes out he's the Golden Haired Hero……」

    「噢、噢噢，我有听过──」
    [Oh、Oh Oh, I heard of this──]

    「是在许久之前相当活跃的勇者大人吧？听说他不知去向──」
    [Is it a very active brave hero of a very long time ago? I heard he went missing ──]

    「难道他复活了……？」
    [Has he been reincarnated?]

    周围的嘈杂声逐渐扩大。
    The surrounding noise became louder.

    「勇者？」
    [Hero?]

    「他是勇者？」
    [He's a hero?]

    「怎么可能──」
    [How is that possible──]

    「不，他那么厉害。是如假包换的勇者！」
    [No, he's so powerful. Like... ]

    也不知是谁起的头，大家开始说正幸是勇者。
    Not sure who started it, everyone started calling Masayuki as a hero.

    （不，我的头发只是用染的……）
    (No, my hair is only dyed……)

    当正幸察觉，一切已经为时已晚。周遭观众纷纷对他投以热切的眼神，双眼闪闪发亮，彷佛憧憬的人就在他们眼前。
    When Masayuki noticed, it's already too late. The surrounding people gave him an eager eye, both eyes shining, like the people they were looking forward to is in front of them.

    「啊？那个，你们认错人了──」
    [Ah,that, you got the wrong person──]

    正幸慌慌张张地否认，这时脚边窜起的轰然巨响将那句话盖过。
    Masayuki panickingly denied, at this time a loud bang from the side of his leg overthrew his sentence.

    「你们这些人，都给我退下！竟敢跟三两下打倒我的勇者大人攀交情！」
    [All of you people,back down! How dare you be friendly with the hero who took me down quickly!]
	
    没错，刚才正幸靠走运打倒的迅雷已经站了起来，正朝聚集在四周的围观群众大吼。

    接著迅雷转而面对正幸，毕恭毕敬地鞠躬。

    「刚才得罪了。没想到您是勇者大人……」

    「不，就跟你说认错──」

    「在下名唤迅雷。附近这一带的人都叫我『狂狼』，是小有名气的冒险者。我太自以为是了，不好意思。亲身体验勇者大人的华丽战技后，我深知自己还有待磨练。虽然我尚未成气候，但还恳请您收我当部下。」

    迅雷说完又朝正幸行了更深的礼。

    正幸除了困惑还是困惑。这样一名壮汉要他收自己当部下，他也不知该怎么办才好。

    「不，就跟你说了。我不是勇者──」

    「噢噢，您想隐瞒勇者身分是吗？那该如何称呼您？方便的话，还望您能告知大名。」

    将正幸大力否认的话当耳边风，迅雷带著灿笑连番提问。

    正幸实在拗不过他。

    被迅雷吼完变安分的围观民众也紧张地观望动向，害正幸不禁心想「随便啦，怎样都好」。

    「我的名字叫正幸。叫我正幸就可以了。我才刚到这个城镇──」

    既然这个叫迅雷的男人都说成这样了，正幸猜他起码会请自己吃顿饭。那就装傻跟他们打听各种事情，也不失为一种好办法。

    可是事情进展比想像中更加顺利。

    「我都明白。」

    迅雷一脸了然地颔首。

    然后他将脸凑到正幸耳边，朝他问道：「勇者大人，您才刚复活吧？」

    这让正幸在心里「啊？」了一声，但他转念一想，或许可以利用迅雷会错意这件事。因为对方看起来就一副「不管正幸说什么都照单全收」的样子。

    此外──

    （若是不假装他输给勇者，这个人会尊严扫地吧。还是顺著他的话比较好。）

    正幸也认同了这件事。

    所以正幸就没对他们喊自己「勇者」的事多加否认。

    这成了令人痛恨的失误。

    因为……

    以此为契机，「勇者」──闪光正幸的传说就此展开。

    后来正幸受赶至现场的自由公会职员保护，被护送到英格拉西亚王国的王都。

    他在那遇见神乐坂优树。

    「你也吃了不少苦头呢。」

    听他这么说，正幸不禁有种想哭的冲动。

    不过正幸深入了解后，才知道名叫优树的少年来到这个世界将近十年。身体似乎停止成长，外观看起来就像个少年。按他的实际年龄推算，应该从国中时期就来到这里了。

    （他吃的苦头比我更多啊……）

    想到这边，正幸就觉得现在不该哭哭啼啼，让他有力气继续努力下去。

    跟优树谈过之后，正幸决定去当冒险者。幸好迅雷愿意当他的队友，优树也允诺正幸会多关照他。

    正幸也认为自己不该一直仰赖优树，所以想当冒险者自立。

    「虽然不晓得原因是什么，但我能听懂他们的话，跟优树先生相比算是比较幸运的吧。」

    「就是说啊！也不想想我当初有多辛苦……不过，幸亏我有师父照顾，所以没吃太多苦头。这个世界有魔法，只不过是要跟人交谈其实意外简单。」

    要学读写似乎困难重重，但优树向正幸解释，只学对话可以靠魔法解决。接著优树将手边资料看过一遍，替他介绍可以当队友的人才。

    「对了，这位邦尼也是靠魔法学习语言的喔。」

    看来名叫邦尼的青年也是靠魔法才能跟人对谈。

    他是英格拉西亚学院的毕业生，受优树保护的「异界访客」。听说生于美国的他只会说英文，跟优树沟通起来也是鸡同鸭讲。这时魔法就派上用场了，而邦尼从此迷上魔法，希望到学院上课。

    他才刚当上冒险者，正在找队友。这时正幸等人适时出现，他们便一起活动。

    就这样变成了三人小组。

    正幸等人以压倒性的速度成长，约莫半年团队已被人封上「闪光」的名号。

    迅雷虽是C＋，但他的实力跟B级不相上下。再加上有邦尼的魔法帮衬，让他们能安定地狩猎。

    正幸只是对剑道略有涉猎的外行人，却身怀超稀有的「英雄霸道（天选之人）」。这项技能对队友也有效，所以队友的攻击全变成致命一击。

    在这项技能的影响下，队友们发挥出超越原本实力的力量。迅雷甚至展现出A级之上的强悍。再加上他们受到不容易被敌人击中的加持，可谓所向无敌。

    于是乎「英雄霸道（天选之人）」便发挥到极致。

    真是太惊人了。

    就算是队友做的事，最后也会归功于正幸。

    队伍「闪光」的评价也全都回馈到正幸一人身上。结果到头来连闪光正幸这个称号都变得广为人知。

    他们正好在此时参加于英格拉西亚王都举办的武斗大会，正幸的称号因此更加声名大噪。

    原本是想拿冠军奖金买装备，不料他们赢得轻松愉快。

    因为正幸只是拔个剑，对方就说「我输了」，表示甘拜下风。

    观众见状都以为是正幸出手迅雷不及掩耳。

    事实上，他什么都没做。

    然而观众不晓得，便因「闪光」这个名号高估正幸。

    那全都是独有技「英雄霸道（天选之人）」的杰作。

    到这个时候正幸也有自觉了，但他不打算住手。

    应该说，他不知道该怎么阻止才好。

    要对抗这项技能，对方至少得具备独有技。既然正幸无法靠自身意志将其停下，传言就免不了扩散。

    这让正幸很头大，但他并没有因此受害，所以他放弃抵抗，假装顺应民众的期待、敷衍了事，决心扮演「勇者」。

    就在那个时候，第四名伙伴加入。

    是名叫「裘」的少女。

    她是非常高阶的「精灵魔法」能手，听说正幸的传闻特来拜会。

    一开始裘还骂他是假扮「勇者」的小人。可是不知不觉间，裘开始信奉正幸。

    裘虽然脾气古怪却擅长回复魔法，成了队上的核心人物，十分活跃。

    就这样，正幸与他的伙伴势如破竹地进击。

    在冒险者分级里已达到A级，在武斗大会上所向披靡。

    以英格拉西亚王国为据点活动，不到一年就加入英雄的行列。

    ………………

    …………

    ……

    在这种情况下，波涛汹涌的一年即将过去。

    虽然正幸自己也很傻眼，但他现在已经习惯被人称为勇者了。人类果然是适应力很强的生物，正幸事不关己地想著。

    对于受万人赞扬的自己日日都感到疑惑。

    这样的正幸即将碰上天大转机──添加书签     返回书页     上一页     下一页     返回书目     推荐本书
